What's the use of Mr. Chen howling here?
Grandpa
Why are you here?
bastard
How could I not come if something so big happened?
You are famous anyway
Why did you unfilial descendants come out?
This is your grandfather.
What's his job?
He's my grandfather.
We are also one of the four major families in the provincial capital
我父亲小的
时候总是喜欢大家的哦
Grandpa can't control him
Came home
Interview him from Tokyo, USA
Just how many times have I told him now
He never pays attention to my words
Do some fighting and killing all day
Okay now, I got it right.
Who did this?
Who dismantled my son?
I made him pay with blood
Master Jiang, this is the internal fire of Tokyo Special Forces
criminal
Please send you more.
Little one, who are you?
Light Snow
Your dad is disobedient
You're not sensible either, are you?
With this hillbilly
You are not afraid to bring us down
Grandpa, don't talk nonsense
This is my boyfriend, Man Yue.
And he saved my life.
if it's ok
I want to marry him